come here comes good study here was
good that dotcom and jabuca gamers
clan jury and new video with a new route
farm to be rough or good
the fashion now already a while ago is the fans is
stay is already made a video showed a route
that has been another fairy another route that
was already fado and now the other the travolta
that is going to be taken but how I
I said since the first time I see nefa
because first the luti system
need to have one reformulated in some
because this type of farm has
been very attractive
There is something wrong with the game.
according to cbf an event a route exists
30 50 100 other events in the game
so it 's complicated
only this is not a bug is not a
sport is a logic of the game was a
breeze planning failure
they did not know how to predict this type of
something that has existed since before
of the launch but good is this route here
So it's going to be a fairy on the planet.
People are waiting for a bone repository .
here are those big mice that are
called evoked other mice
Ready you have to find a way
kill these mice without killing
called but conca and placing the barrel and
mocambo barrel and you will be happy I will
to be watching species every year the world
Legendary items and so on.
only that has some small details
because this question can kill here has
invoked like that is done
let it out
the fury but the crisis they good firewall here
need of fire and use of fire is c
stay on top of you will you
To give not only barbecue is fire, right?
so you just have to stay with her
whoever comes near you will take a
damage takes and as I call it I usually stay
away so they do not send back the
market giving the year that is
next
this is very rough but a few
Important details incidentally is legal case
You have the shadow, it's cool that your
voters do not break
Good, it's cool, you have some life.
resistance harm blah blah nada '
but it's really cool you'll turn
second ok
I still have this ring that increases more
yet you can not have damage from thorn
you can not have damage in area
you can not have any items or died
you can not have any items that
Saturday the special fixed for example and
I feel here when the lock dodged
has a chance of receiving the
electrical discharge damage filled
so I can not is that boccato belt
I can not use the case that will be
returning life but will ta danu damage in
area all coming close to the win I
I have here has excess of thorns not
I can use sacks except the monarch can not
I can use it because motorcycle kills explode
so you need to take a little care
with these challenges rest is this
happen for is to call you out to get
One thing you have to take out is a lighthouse.
Community
There is good around here in a shot goes barefoot.
to pull silva barefoot or both
you arrive and you are ready
kill a little
to stand still
Our sound is delicious, it 's basically this.
again it is something rough the next patch
There will be some improvements.
I hope this continues to make the
improvements and even because in the question of law
will arrive free if they do not change
some logic will get a body is
the monkey is and will be a lighthouse but
any critical questions
so leave a comment down there
that I will respond as far as
possible at most liked already know that
young emotional more responsible
usually because I think that's what it looks like
I come if I would go to the next